hello to all it is 17h 5 look at your
traffic conditions are good
everywhere and we will not complain
on the eve of the weekend look what
it gives us without the map of France
overall we have a few people in
outskirts of big cities but that's
is not abnormal we will come back when
even earlier I wanted to
contrast tell you right away about
this disturbance that we have in
the southwest on the a63 to bidart en
direction of Spain in fact since
13:30 to tell you everything about weight
heavy are hilly 4 km south u of
pech of the negress in the direction of
Spain access cut to the
traffic
so we have 10 km of traffic jams at the back
so what he is obliged you are
obliged if you go on this axis 1 of
leave the highway at the level of
the exchanger number four sites at
level of biarritz we advise you
obviously to avoid the problems of
leave the highway well before that is
to say at bayonne is
exchanger number 5
as for the heavy weight they are stored
on the spot and luckily we have a
camera in the area what you
lets see a little bit of
disruption as is the time
to evacuate all these heavyweights it's okay
take a lot of time so that's
maybe a sector to avoid yet
for several hours but that's it
will obviously come back other sectors that
may be a problem for you
bierne bierne south of dunkirk
direction dunkerque we are reported
two vehicles on the roof so that's
the same time to evacuate it will take
a little while and seeing we come
at the rush hour of the day we
risk of having big disturbances
here another rather important disturbance
it's on the ring road
south of Toulouse it is to the young ladies in
direction of the village of the ngo an accident
we are pointed out with the curiosity effect
listen to it cork in both directions
in lyon is very difficult
no accidents but work areas
very disturbing commission direction
no money and then if you have to
to cross the tunnel under fourvière in
from the south is well there count 19
minutes from saint fons and then
in Ile de France
we reached 170 km of disturbances
it rolls very badly you see on the
major bypass routes especially on
the inner ring road this
we have an accident
clignancourt
and then here too at small clamart
national road nodes a86 118 and
then if you were going to leave for the
Normandy was going to have to leave a little
earlier because we already have
disturbances here when arriving on mantes
the pretty one and you only lose five
little minutes in the caps and
then you know that your vehicle has to
have regular health exams
to check the condition of vital organs
it's called the technical control there is
125 checkpoints in total but
to talk about serious things must
know that in one in five accidents the
lack of vehicle maintenance is a
aggravating factor so it takes you
say that for a new vehicle you
must perform this check
six months before the birthday of the four
years later it will be every two years and
no one will send you a
convocation must you do it
you are here I wish you a
very good day we end up at
18h50 so at any time I count
on you